# Gloassary
A nomenclature guide for *Automation and Machine Learning for Grid-Power Use Minimization in Sustainable Residential Architecture* and its appendices


## Table of Contents
* [Glossary](#glossary)
* [References Revisited](#references-revisited)


Version/Revision History:

Version/Revision | Date Published | Details
-----|-----|----- 
V00, Rev.01 | 2021-12-26 | Initial Draft
V01, Rev.00 | 2021-12-26 | Midterm Submission

## Glossary <a class="anchor" id="section_b_1"></a>

* **Accuracy** – For machine learning, unity minus the error rate. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Architecture** – The functional form of the machine learning model, i.e. the mathematical model being applied without any specific parameters achieved by learning labelled data.  [^howardandgugger-20]
* **API** – Aplication programming interface.
* **Buoyancy-Driven Cooling** – A building energy industry term used to describe convective cooling that occurs in buildings due to temperature gradients through the building and across openings to the exterior environment. 
* **CNN** – Convolutional neural network; a type of neural network that works particularly well for computer vision tasks. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Epoch** – One complete pass through the input data. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Fine Tuning** – A transfer learning technique where the weights of a pre-trained model are updated by training for additional epochs using a different task to that used for pretraining. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Fit** – The process of updating a model's parameters such that the predictions using the input data match the target labels. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Label** – The data assigned to points in the training and validation sub-data-sets that will be predicted in the application of the model. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Loss** – A quantitative measure of a model’s performance, which measures the difference between labels and predictions. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Low-Energy Consumption Homes** – Homes designed and built with low energy consumption in mind. Synonymous with “Sustainable Residential Architecture” for this study. 
* **Metric** – A quantification of the quality of a model’s predictions created for human interpretation using a validation data-set. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Model** – The final combination of an architecture and a specific set of parameters achieved through training. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Overfitting** – Training a model in such a way that it remembers specific features of the training dataset and, for that reason, does not perform well when applied to other data subsets. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Parameters** – Statistical weights used by a model to perform its task, obtained by learning labelled data. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Predictions** – Results obtained by the model using independent variables (without labels). [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Pretrained Model** – A model which has already been trained, typically using an expansive data-set on a task similar but not identical to the one it will finally be assigned to. The pre-trained model will be “fine-tuned” on data more relevant to this final task. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Sustainable Residential Architecture** – Residential buildings designed and built with low energy consumption in mind. Synonymous with “Low Energy Consumption Homes” for this study. 
* **Train** – A synonym for “fit.” [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Training Set** – The data used for fitting the model. It does not include the validation data set. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Transfer Learning** – A method of pretraining a model where the model is trained on a training data set, not directly applicable to the data that will be used in its final application. [^howardandgugger-20]
* **Validation Set** – A subset of labelled data held out of training and used for measuring how good a model is. [^howardandgugger-20]

## References Revisited <a class="anchor" id="references-revisited"></a>
[^howardandgugger-20]: Howard and Gugger, 2021: *Deep Learning for Coders with fastai & PyTorch*

